welcome on this occasion I will give you one
series of effective tips so that
You can educate your puppy from
when the dog puppy arrives
in your life with an age between 5 and 10
weeks begins our challenge to
discover and cover all your needs
of your socialization process what
let's do between the first six months
condition your future behavior
we will have to dedicate ourselves to educate the
puppy at this stage our
priorities should be to educate the
puppy that learns to be a dog
clean puppy inside the house no
be scared of people noises other
animals etcetera not bite at
people bite only their toys
will accept being alone at home play with
the people to establish a strong
link and you should also educate the
puppy for the basic answers of
obedience as still see here feel
let us begin
Educate your puppy dog to
get used to your new house we started
for giving him the opportunity to settle in
his new house and eventually we go
expanding its area of ​​action we use
our daily interactions for
establish positive associations and
that way we earn their trust for
achieve it we should not punish our
puppy or use force we will have
to use the game with the puppy and
the prizes with food educate their
puppy to stay alone at home and to
we provide him with toys and a
place inside the house so that it does not
Bored too much in our absences
that little by little they will be longer to educate
to your puppy the call is very
important to educate your puppy to
associate your name with the call to
that comes when we call it is very
effective use the food to achieve
quick association between your name and
the behavior that we want to do that
come to our side educate your dog
puppy behavior his dog
puppy may be infatuated by the
most amazing objects our
slippers some rag etc. for
catch it we must avoid persecution
direct
you must use our ability to
persuasion and make a game of
exchange we will give you some piece of
food in exchange for what the puppy
have we also have to get the
puppy dog gets used to
us and do not show fear a hug or
a brushing session will help a lot
with possible problems on the street and
will greatly facilitate the work of
professionals when the puppy is
adult education of our dog
puppy should be a continuous process and
It should be extended to adulthood him
we devote all the necessary time and
we always reward him for the progress
we must avoid at all costs the use of
strength to educate the puppy and also
we will avoid punishment if we do not want
we fear and lose confidence in
us advice and warnings leads to
your puppy to the vet whenever
you can and above all, that's all
thanks for watching the video you could also
leave a comment
I like it and share it as
I always give you this recommendation
that you visit to train a dog
puntoinfo and know the secrets of
dog training